Adding MassTransit Connector for ServiceControl (#6961)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicecontrol/masstransit/index.md

---
title: ServiceControl MassTransit Connector
summary: Configuration and running the Particular Platform MassTransit connector
reviewed: 2024-09-04
component: ServiceControl
---

## ServiceControl MassTransit Connector

The [ServiceControl MassTransit Connector](https://hub.docker.com/r/particular/servicecontrol.connector.masstransit) is part of the Particular Service Platform which adds error queue and dead letter queue monitoring to MassTransit systems. This container runs alongside the existing MassTransit system and monitors for any faulted messages that occur within the system.

## How the MassTransit Connector works

> The connector container monitors for the existence of any `_error` queues in the broker. If there are any `_error` queues, it means that a message has faulted and has been moved out of the consumer's input queue. The container then takes that message, ensures correct format of all the headers, and moves the faulted message to the input queue of ServiceControl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The  MassTransit Connector for ServiceControl container monitors for the existence of the error queues specified in the `queues.txt ` file. Respecting the convention, these queues usually have `_error` suffix.  These error queues contain messages that faulted and have been moved out of the consumer's input queue. The container then takes that message, ensures correct format of all the headers, and moves the faulted message to the input queue of ServiceControl.
```

> The connector container monitors for the existence of any `_error` queues in the broker. If there are any `_error` queues, it means that a message has faulted and has been moved out of the consumer's input queue. The container then takes that message, ensures correct format of all the headers, and moves the faulted message to the input queue of ServiceControl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connector container monitors for the existence of the error queues that are specified in the `queues.txt` file. 
MassTransit used a convention where which queue gets an additional one that has the `_error` prefix. If there are any messages in that  queue, it means that a message has faulted and has been moved out of the consumer's input queue. The container then takes that message, ensures the correct format of all the headers, and moves the faulted message to the input queue of ServiceControl.
```
